Expand address space connector docs to include idleTimeout, maxFrameSize, role (#4346)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/ref-address-space-example-connectors.adoc

    - host: messaging.example.com
      port: 5672
    - host: messaging2.example.com
    idleTimeout: <3>
    maxFrameSize: <4>
    tls: {} <5>
    credentials: <6>
      username:
        value: test
      password:
        valueFromSecret:
          name: password-secret
          key: password.txt
    role: <7>
    addresses: <8>
    - name: p1
      pattern: "prices/*"
    - name: p2
      pattern: "clients/*/1"
----
<1> (Required) Specifies the name of the connector. All remote addresses are prefixed with the connector name and a forward slash, `/`.
<2> (Required) Specifies a list of endpoints for this connector. This list must contain at least one entry, and any additional entries are used for failover. If not otherwise specified, the `port` field value is set to the registered IANA port for AMQP (or AMQPS if TLS is enabled).

> <3> (Optional) Idle timeout of AMQP connection (seconds). 0 disables the idle timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> (Optional) Idle timeout of the AMQP connection (seconds). 0 disables the idle timeout.
```

> <4> (Optional) Max frame size of AMQP connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> (Optional) Max frame size of the AMQP connection.
```

<5> (Optional) Enable TLS. The connector trusts global root CAs by default. To use a custom CA, specify a value for the `caCert` field.
<6> (Optional) Specifies the username and password credentials to use for this connector. The values can be specified inline or by referencing a secret along with an optional key specifying the location within the secret. The secret must be readable by the `system:serviceaccounts:_{ProductNamespace}_` group.

> <7> (Optional) Role of connector. Can be "normal", "route-container", "edge". Defaults to 'route-container'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> (Optional) Role of the connector. Valid values are "normal", "edge", and "route-container" (default value).
```
